update docs (#567)
gnoswap-labs/gnoswap: contract/r/gnoswap/referral/README.md

> # Referral
> 
> The Referral contract implementation for managing referral relationships in the Gnoswap. It provides functionality to register, update, and remove referral relationships between addresses.
> 
> ## Features
> 
> - Register referral relationships between addresses
> - Update existing referral relationships
> - Remove referral relationships
> - Query referral information
> - Rate limiting for operations (24-hour cooldown period)
> 
> ### Keeper
> 
> The underlying implementation that handles the actual storage and validation of referral relationships using an AVL tree data structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Referral

The Referral contract implementation for managing referral relationships in the GnoSwap. It provides functionality to register, update, and remove referral relationships between addresses.

## Features

- Register referral relationships between addresses
- Update existing referral relationships
- Remove referral relationships
- Query referral information
- Rate limiting for operations (24-hour cooldown period)

### Keeper

The underlying implementation handles the actual storage and validation of referral relationships using an AVL tree data structure.

For the implementation details, refer to the [referral doc.gno](https://github.com/gnoswap-labs/gnoswap/blob/main/contract/r/gnoswap/referral/doc.gno).
```
